Add orbit state vectors (#8)
stac-extensions/sat: README.md

| sat:absolute_orbit                    | integer               | The absolute orbit number at the time of acquisition.                                                                                                                                                   |
| sat:relative_orbit                    | integer               | The relative orbit number at the time of acquisition.                                                                                                                                                   |
| sat:anx_datetime                      | string                | The [Ascending Node](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orbital_node) Crossing (ANX) time, in UTC. It is formatted according to [RFC 3339, section 5.6](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.6).    |
| sat:orbit_cycle                       | integer               | The number of repeat cycle done by the satellite at the time of the acquisition. [Repeat cycle](https://ltb.itc.utwente.nl/page/498/concept/81577) is the time between two successive identical orbits. |

> | sat:orbit_state_vectors               | Map<string, double[]> | The state vectors of the satellite at the time of acquisition.                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sat:orbit_state_vectors               | Map<string, \[number]> | The state vectors of the satellite at the time of acquisition.                                                                                                                                          |
```

at any time during the acquisition. 
The state vectors are usually provided in the [ECI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth-centered_inertial) frame.
The field is a map where the key is the time of the state vector and the value is an array of 6 elements (optional 9).
The first 3 elements are the position of the satellite in meters and the last 3 elements are the velocity of the satellite in meters per second.
The optional 3 additional elements are the acceleration of the satellite in meters per second squared.

Example:

```json
{
  "sat:orbit_state_vectors": {
    "2015-03-05T05:19:40.103Z": [
      5082939.4189831074,
      1595651.7369050409,
      4648033.5588545678,
      5173.8779329387489,
      -269.5432365485845,
      -5550.246440359806
    ],
    "2015-03-05T05:19:45.449Z": [
      5110519.0376543682,
      1594174.328112772,
      4618284.7202579351,
      5143.1200754073143,
      -283.12343661734587,
      -5578.2160610647188
    ],
    "2015-03-05T05:19:50.449Z": [
      5136162.3887853986,
      1592727.024757518,
      4590328.5904560406,
      5114.1961953273549,
      -295.79384304587683,
      -5604.2108611458289
    ]
  }
}
```

> Optionaly, the state vectors can be provided in a separate file and referenced as a link with relationship type `sat:osv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that the state vectors are provided in a separate file and referenced as a link with relationship type `sat:osv`. The file should correspond to the example above.
```
